README.md, before:

# Google Cloud Hackathon Toolkit

Get started on Google Cloud with a repo of code samples, documentation, tutorial links, and more. 

<!-- https://cloud.google.com/blog/products/gcp/readers-choice-top-google-cloud-platform-stories-of-2018 -->
![cloud](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/744973/63130880-bbd43600-bf70-11e9-91e7-0e7167771b5e.gif)

### What is Google Cloud?
Google Cloud is a suite of developer products that lets you build using the same technology and infrastructure that powers Google products. Build and host applications and websites, store data, and analyze data, all on Google’s highly scalable and reliable computing infrastructure.

### Where can I get Google Cloud credits? 
If you are at a Major League Hacking (MLH) hackathon, check for an email from MLH that has credits provided to you at no cost. 

If you are another student event, check out our [student programs for higher education](https://g.co/learncloud/programs) to apply for credits at no cost and without a credit card. 

### What products should I try?
Check out our Quickstart tutorials for each product - fast 5-10 minute tutorials to get you up and running with your first API call or deployment. On the left navigation bar for each product documentation page, we have links to other tutorials.

##### Machine Learning APIs - gain insights from data using Google’s pre-trained machine learning models.
- [Vision](https://cloud.google.com/vision/docs/quickstart-client-libraries)
- [Natural Language](https://cloud.google.com/natural-language/docs/quickstart-client-libraries)
- [Translate](https://cloud.google.com/translate/docs/quickstart-client-libraries)
- [Video Intelligence](https://cloud.google.com/video-intelligence/docs/quickstart-client-libraries)
- [Speech-To-Text](https://cloud.google.com/speech-to-text/docs/quickstart-client-libraries)
- [Text-To-Speech](https://cloud.google.com/text-to-speech/docs/quickstart-client-libraries)

##### [Firebase](https://firebase.google.com) - mobile / web development platform featuring the Firebase realtime database
##### [App Engine](https://cloud.google.com/appengine/docs) - deploy web apps in Python, Node.js, Ruby, and more!
##### [Cloud Firestore](https://cloud.google.com/firestore/docs/quickstart-servers) - easy-to-use realtime NoSQL database

### Product Code Samples

- [Firestore](firestore/README.md)
- [Cloud Functions](functions/README.md)
- [Cloud Natural Language](language/README.md)
- [Cloud Speech](speech/README.md)
- [Cloud Translate](translate/README.md)
- [Cloud Video Intelligence](video/README.md)
- [Cloud Vision](vision/README.md)

Commit message:

Added Tech Talk and YouTube video links

README.md, after:

# Google Cloud Hackathon Toolkit

Get started on Google Cloud with a repo of code samples, documentation, tutorial links, and more. 

<!-- https://cloud.google.com/blog/products/gcp/readers-choice-top-google-cloud-platform-stories-of-2018 -->
![cloud](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/744973/63130880-bbd43600-bf70-11e9-91e7-0e7167771b5e.gif)

### What is Google Cloud?
Google Cloud is a suite of developer products that lets you build using the same technology and infrastructure that powers Google products. Build and host applications and websites, store data, and analyze data, all on Google’s highly scalable and reliable computing infrastructure.

### Where can I get Google Cloud credits? 
If you are at a Major League Hacking (MLH) hackathon, check for an email from MLH that has credits provided to you at no cost. 

If you are another student event, check out our [student programs for higher education](https://g.co/learncloud/programs) to apply for credits at no cost and without a credit card. 

### What products should I try?
Check out our Quickstart tutorials for each product - fast 5-10 minute tutorials to get you up and running with your first API call or deployment. On the left navigation bar for each product documentation page, we have links to other tutorials.

##### Machine Learning APIs - gain insights from data using Google’s pre-trained machine learning models.
- [Vision](https://cloud.google.com/vision/docs/quickstart-client-libraries)
- [Natural Language](https://cloud.google.com/natural-language/docs/quickstart-client-libraries)
- [Translate](https://cloud.google.com/translate/docs/quickstart-client-libraries)
- [Video Intelligence](https://cloud.google.com/video-intelligence/docs/quickstart-client-libraries)
- [Speech-To-Text](https://cloud.google.com/speech-to-text/docs/quickstart-client-libraries)
- [Text-To-Speech](https://cloud.google.com/text-to-speech/docs/quickstart-client-libraries)

##### [Firebase](https://firebase.google.com) - mobile / web development platform featuring the Firebase realtime database
##### [App Engine](https://cloud.google.com/appengine/docs) - deploy web apps in Python, Node.js, Ruby, and more!
##### [Cloud Firestore](https://cloud.google.com/firestore/docs/quickstart-servers) - easy-to-use realtime NoSQL database

### Hackathon Tech Talk Slide Decks

- [Three Powerful Google Cloud Products for Your Project](https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/hackathon-toolkit/blob/master/tech-talks/Three%20Powerful%20Google%20Cloud%20Products%20for%20Your%20Project.pdf)
- [Machine Learning on Google Cloud](https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/hackathon-toolkit/blob/master/tech-talks/Machine%20Learning%20on%20Google%20Cloud.pdf)

### Google Cloud YouTube Videos

- [Intro to Google Cloud | For Student Developers](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5RGyepqiEGw)
- [Choosing the right compute option in GCP: a decision tree](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2tLXKCgqwLY)
- [Introducing Firebase](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O17OWyx08Cg&list=PLl-K7zZEsYLm7CPS0xf-7E7EF3AFxWRCW)
- [Introducing Cloud Firestore](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QcsAb2RR52c)
- [Intro to machine learning on Google Cloud Platform (Google I/O '18)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gVz9jKE_9iU)
- [Google Cloud Platform Essentials Playlist](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLIivdWyY5sqKh1gDR0WpP9iIOY00IE0xL)

### Product Code Samples

- [Firestore](firestore/README.md)
- [Cloud Functions](functions/README.md)
- [Cloud Natural Language](language/README.md)
- [Cloud Speech](speech/README.md)
- [Cloud Translate](translate/README.md)
- [Cloud Video Intelligence](video/README.md)
- [Cloud Vision](vision/README.md)
